[Excel] Promote ExcelApi 1.13 requirement set to GA (#2775)
OfficeDev/office-js-docs-pr: docs/reference/requirement-sets/excel-api-1-13-requirement-set.md

---
title: Excel JavaScript API requirement set 1.13
description: 'Details about the ExcelApi 1.13 requirement set.'
ms.date: 07/02/2021
ms.prod: excel
localization_priority: Normal
---

# What's new in Excel JavaScript API 1.13

> The ExcelApi 1.13 added a method to insert worksheets into a workbook from a base-64 encoded string and an event to detect workbook activation. It also increased support for formulas in ranges by adding APIs to track changes to formulas and locate a formula's direct dependent cells, and it expanded PivotTable support by adding PivotLayout APIs for alt text, style, and empty cell management.

Reviewer: I think the term might be base64 (or Base64). Can you verify?
```suggestion
The ExcelApi 1.13 added a method to insert worksheets into a workbook from a base64-encoded string and an event to detect workbook activation. It also increased support for formulas in ranges by adding APIs to track changes to formulas and locate a formula's direct dependent cells. Additionally, it expanded PivotTable support by adding PivotLayout APIs for alt text, style, and empty cell management.
```

Author: You're right! Good catch. It's a proper noun according to [Term Studio](https://termstudio.azurewebsites.net/viewdata.aspx?tid=777582&langCode=English). I'm not sure how to proceed because our conceptual docs use both base64 and Base64, with many more instances of base64 than Base64. What do you think?

Reviewer: For now, let's update this to Base64. Please open an item on the Content backlog to make this consistent across the docs - whether it be base64 or Base64.
